today enchased creative hearts of
stone let's trace a heart in a
cardboard or in a cardboard in half this
is so that you will be much better
heart I cut several hearts because
I'm going to do several projects now with
newspaper we put to the bottom this
it is so that we do not stain our table
of work
we will also need paste the
Paste is very easy to make is a
cup of water for two cups of flour
we stir very well and leave it to fire
slow now we make little balls with a leaf
of newspaper we are going to paste them
on the cardboard
with a tape like masking tape we go
fixing the cardboard and one with the
another let's do many until filling
all the heart
now also in the base we are going to
put a little bit of paste this is
so that when it dries it is very good
glued
since you have everything full your heart
Now we are going to put pieces of
newspaper over first let's cut
the newspaper in pieces
not very large more or less the size of
your palm or a little bit more
everywhere with paste for all
parts
now stick it over the heart we 're going
to do several times until covering everything
the heart of pasteitos with no paste
matter that you get very wet this goes
to dry go around the edges
so that it is perfectly covered
all the heart of papers with the raw
This will dry up and it will look
a stone you'll see, let's leave it
dry in the sun
and if you wait about 24 hours as it is
perfectly well dry we are going to paint
the base black or any color
dark this has an explanation
you'll see the effect it will give
paints well everywhere and all
hollows of the dark color that you chose
It can be black or chocolate or a red
very dark now with a cardboard box
which can be shoes or any
box we are going to have an idea for you
Czech heart that your heart goes well
in the box before to work for you
short cap for only
the base is half painted white
of the color you want do not paint it is very
well that effect looks very father
but you can also hang it with some
paper but I like to see it
graffiti
vintage style as if it were old
then do not paint it perfectly well
it only covers more or less everywhere
of the color of your preference
we return to the hearts as it is
well dry the black let's paint it from
red or any other color removes the
over color brush for
that you also paint your heart
Brush the brush well above your
heart this is so that it is not painted
perfectly everything as we did with
the black but nothing else what is
This is going to highlight a lot
wrinkles of your newspaper
the idea is to look like stone that's
do it everywhere and give your hands
that you want to make it look a little
more red however you do not paint it
perfectly that is let the color
Black can reach to see
winds also the shores very
gently remember that the excess
always from your red paint brush
since I know you can give him another pass
so that it is a little redder this is
a smaller heart that was already a
little painted but I want it to look
more red so we're going to give you a
second hand
now to deliver our heart here
there is the white box that we paint we are going to
put on the back glue
white we expanded it very well and
we turn our heart
now on another piece of cardboard well
Half painted the same color as your box
let's give a credit to whoever
we are going to deliver this heart to me
happened to give a warning to that
so special person that to receive the
heart
that does not break my heart or in case of
emergency that I'm going to put it but you
you can put anything
write a nice message to who is going to
receive your heart and civilians that this does not
it breaks even in case of emergency
we put some silicon and stick it
in a corner of your box this for the
part of outside to get me out
now if you are ready to surrender
You can also use the other hearts
as big as you want to
decorate a wall looks spectacular
I like to put more than one
You can also decorate your heart with
pieces of decorated papers or paint it
red in the base and only in the
top part in gold
It is great to give me
I feel very much in love so I'm going to
give my heart
you like it or you liked my heart of stone
Well, you can do many things in
time of heart looks for other forms
you can also make letters for example
it's very easy and please if you liked my
heart give us a like or share
thank you very much for following us too
You can see many tips in our networks
social networks on facebook and on twitter
and I forgot every Thursday
we upload a new video to our channel
right now everything you see in our
channel has to do with love because
It is very close on February 14 you
give my heart